Does a new supplement help people sleep better?

Two versions
A: Group given new supplement
B: Group given placebo. 

Sample: For consistency use people around the sample age, around the same weight, and of the same sex. 

Hypothesis: I expect people who take the supplement will sleep better. 

Outcomes: Track the sleep quality of our sample by having people wear a fit-bit that measures sleep quality via heartrate. 

Other measured variables: Ask people how long they slept, if they felt refreshed, etc, use these as secondary metrics. 

----------------------------------------------

Will new uniforms help a gym's business? 

Two versions
A: Gym employees wear new uniform
B: Gym employees wear old uniform 

Sample: Select a span of 3 months away from major holidays like new years that might be times around which we have high influx of signups. 

Hypothesis: I expect more people will sign up when employees wear new uniforms. 

Outcomes: Track the amount of new members who sign up for the gym.  

Other measured variables: Measure the day of the week and time of day that people sign up as secondary metrics. 

----------------------------------------------

Will a new homepage improve my online exotic pet rental business? 

Two versions
A: New Homepage
B: Old Homepage 

Sample: Users that visit the website.  

Hypothesis: The new homepage will lead to more exotic pet rentals. 

Outcomes: Track the amount of exotic pets that were rented.

Other measured variables: Do users spend more time on the website? Are they more likely to browse for more exotic pets? Are previously ignored pets being looked at now?

----------------------------------------------

If I put 'please read' in the email subject will more people read my emails? 

Two versions
A: Email subject with please read
B: Email subject without please read 

Sample: People who I send emails to. 

Hypothesis: Please read will result in more people who read the email. 

Outcomes: Track the amount of people who open the email and keep it open for a few minutes. 

Other measured variables: Do more people open the email?
